# `sylvia-template`

This is a project template for use with the [_Sylvia framework_](https://github.com/CosmWasm/sylvia).

## Generating a project scaffold

### Prerequisites

You need `cargo-generate` installed on your system.

```sh
cargo install cargo-generate
```

### Usage

```sh
cargo generate CosmWasm/sylvia-template
```

Or, to provide the name of the project non-interactively:

```sh
cargo generate CosmWasm/sylvia-template -n my-contract
```


## Developer's guide

Sylvia's main goal is to make the creation of contracts as free of the boilerplate code as possible. Many mechanisms are hidden behind a few procedural macros, so that developers can focus on writing the contract's bussines logic. A good starting point to familiarize yourself with the tool is a [Sylvia book](https://cosmwasm.github.io/sylvia-book/).

Other than that this template repository provides users with a useful example contract and scripts that help during the development process.


### Cargo scripts

Cargo scripts can be run without any additional tools other than the cargo itself. They are a useful aliases for the more complex commands:
 * `cargo wasm` - builds the Wasm release binary,
 * `cargo wasm-debug` - builds the Wasm debug binary for testing purposes,
 * `cargo schema` - generates JSON schema of the contract's messages.


### Check the Webassembly binary

Once the Webassembly binary is generated it is worth additionally check its correctess using a cargo tool named [cosmwasm-check](https://crates.io/crates/cosmwasm-check). There's a short user's guide available in [crates.io](crates.io) repository.


### Using contract as a dependency to another contract

The contracts generated by Sylvia can be also used as part of other contracts. For this reason, there's a feature flag provided in this repository called `library`. It prevents Sylvia from generating entry points for the contract so that it can be used as a dependency. Without that feature, using a contract in some other crate can cause a collision with the main contract's entry points. More info is available in the Sylvia Book.


### Testing

There are at least two ways of testing contracts generated with Sylvia, without the blockchain testing environment. Those are unit tests and multitests. Examples of both can be found in this template.


## License

The template itself is [licensed under the Apache 2.0 license](LICENSE). After generating, no license file is included with your new project - you might want to add one if you're making your source code publically available!
